Terms Of Use
The WooGlobe, Inc. (“WooGlobe”) community is based on the idea that video creators should be compensated for the licensing of their compelling videos, and that industry professionals should have a simple process for selecting the videos that they want to license for their programming. Subject to our Terms of Service, WooGlobe is a hassle-free resource for entertainment industry professionals looking for content.
AGREEMENT TO TERMS OF SERVICE
The policies below are applicable to all WooGlobe owned or operated brands and web sites, including but not limited to, the web sites located at www.wooglobe.com, its operational host WooGlobe Technologies, Inc., and each of their respective affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, licensees, websites, and assigns (collectively hereinafter referred to, alternatively, as “WooGlobe,” the “Site,” “we,” “us,” “our” or similar identifying pronouns). Please read these Terms of Service carefully to ensure your legal, safe, and enjoyable use of the Site. They contain the legal terms and conditions that govern your use of the services provided to you by the Site and are a binding agreement with you, just as if you had signed this document. In using the Site, you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and you are fully able and competent to enter into, abide by and comply with the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service.
LICENSE TO USE SITE
As long as you comply with these Terms of Service, WooGlobe grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to enter and use the Site and the services provided. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefits of the services WooGlobe provides, subject to and in accordance with these Terms of Service. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell or lease any part of our services or our Site or its software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code or source hyperlinks of that software, nor may you use any information contained within the Site to independently approach third parties. WooGlobe reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify, change, remove, update or add to these Terms of Service at any time without notice. It is your responsibility and obligation to review these Terms of Service periodically for changes. Unless otherwise specified, such changes shall be effective when they are posted, and your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. Your access or use of the Site constitutes your agreement to be bound by these Terms of Service, the WooGlobe licensing terms (as applicable) and the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy, as posted on this Site and which are incorporated herein by reference, including any changes that exist when you re-access this Site (whether or not you have chosen to register as a member of the Site).By using the site, you agree to these terms of service; if you do not agree with the terms of this agreement, the wooglobe licensing terms, the privacy policy or any other guidelines or rules posted on the site, then do not use this site.
OWNERSHIP OF SITE: SITE CONTENT
All text, software, user interfaces, visual interfaces, graphics, photographs, artwork, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, video, computer codes and other audio-visual material (collectively, “Content”) contained on the Site, including but not limited to the design, structure, coordination, selection, expression, and arrangement of such Content, is controlled, owned, or licensed by or to WooGlobe, as further set forth in these Terms of Service, and is protected by copyright, trademark and various other intellectual property and unfair competition laws. Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Service, no part of the Site and no Content may be used in any way without WooGlobe’s express prior written consent, including without limitation the copying, publicly display, reproduction, republishing, posting, uploading, transmitting, or distributing in any method or manner to any other device, computer, web site or other platform or medium. The unauthorized copying and distribution (including without limitation downloading, uploading, file serving, file "swapping" or other similar activities) of any such Content or materials constitutes copyright infringement under the U.S. Copyright Act and international copyright laws, and WooGlobe and its third party licensors and suppliers will enforce such rights to the full extent of the law. Violation of these terms shall be assumed to have been willfu
WooGlobe, WooGlobe Technologies and other WooGlobe graphics, logos and service names are registered or otherwise protected trademarks or service marks (“Trademarks”). These Trademarks many not be used in connection with any product or service that is not owned or operated by WooGlobe or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any other manner that disparages or discredits WooGlobe. All other trademarks, branding and logos not owned by WooGlobe that appear on this Site are the property of their respective owners who may or may not be affiliated with, sponsored by or connected to WooGlobe, and WooGlobe makes no warranty as to these other trademarks, branding and logos.
WooGlobe reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (1) modify, terminate, or suspend access/operation to the Site, or any portion of the Site, for any reason; (2) modify or change the Site, or any portion of the Site, and any applicable policies or terms; and (3) interrupt the operation of the Site, or any portion of the Site, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, technical updates or other changes.
ASSIGNMENT
These Terms of Service and any rights and licenses granted by you hereunder (including without limitation the Licensed Rights) may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by WooGlobe without restriction.
GOVERNING LAW: DISPUTE RESOLUTION
You agree that: (i) the Site and all services provided shall be deemed solely based in UK; and (ii) the Site and all services provided shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over WooGlobe, WooGlobe Technologies, its parent, affiliates or subsidiary companies and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, in jurisdictions other than UK. You agree these Terms of Service shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the UK, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Although you acknowledge that we will have the ability to enforce our rights in any court of competent jurisdiction, you hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction and exclusive venue in Los Angeles, UK, U.S.A., regarding any and all disputes relating to these Terms of Service or your access to or use of the Site, including without limitation use of Content. You acknowledge and agree that the warranty disclaimers and liability and remedy limitations in this agreement are material terms of this agreement and that they have been taken into account in the decision by us to provide the Site to you hereunder. Except in instances where WooGlobe deems it necessary to seek injunctive or other equitable relief (and as otherwise set forth in these Terms of Service), the parties hereby agree to submit any disputes or controversies between them to binding arbitration in Los Angeles, UK in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association. All rights to recover consequential, incidental and/or punitive damages are waived by you. In the event of any dispute, you shall not be entitled to and hereby waive all right to any equitable relief whatsoever, including the right to rescind this Terms of Service agreement , or to enjoin, restrain or interfere in any manner with the Site. The prevailing party shall be entitled to its reasonable outside attorneys’ fees and costs, including its share of the arbitration costs, from the losing party. All decisions of the arbitrator shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all parties. Judgment may be entered upon any such decision in accordance with applicable law in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
You agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the site or the services must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues, otherwise, such claim or cause of action is permanently barred.
If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service, which shall remain in full force and effect. This agreement, the Privacy Policy and any other posted operating rules constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to such subject matter. No waiver of any provision or any right granted hereunder will be effective unless set forth in a written instrument signed by the waiving party and no waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default.